Cnv 8864 editing cdi object instead of cdiconfig (#28580)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-defining-storageclass-in-cdi.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/virtual_machines/virtual_disks/virt-preparing-cdi-scratch-space.adoc

[id="virt-defining-storageclass-in-cdi_{context}"]
= Defining a storage class in the CDI object

> Define a storage class in the `CDI` object  to dynamically provision scratch space for CDI operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamically provision scratch space for CDI operations by defining a storage class in the `CDI` object.
```

.Procedure

> * Use the `oc` client to edit the `CDI` object and edit the value of the `spec.config.scratchSpaceStorageClass` field to match a storage class in the cluster.

Reviewer: Should this module have a prereq for them to have the `oc` client?

Author: I've had folks question whether we really need to tell people this but I don't including it for completeness. It is necessary to complete the procedure after all :)

> * Use the `oc` client to edit the `CDI` object and edit the value of the `spec.config.scratchSpaceStorageClass` field to match a storage class in the cluster.

Reviewer: I would prefer it if this were actually two steps (step 1: open the CDI object for editing by running the following command; step 2: edit the `spec.config.scratchSpaceStorageClass` field). I know this is debatable, though.

Author: Works for me. 
I also added a third step to 'save and exit to update'. Gone from a one-step to a three-stepper with a prereq!

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit cdi
----
+
[source,yaml]
----

> API Version: cdi.kubevirt.io/v1beta1

Reviewer: Unless I am trippin':

s/API Version/apiVersion

Author: You aint trippin :)

kind: CDI
...
spec:
  config:
    scratchSpaceStorageClass: "<storage_class>" <1>
...
----

> <1> Replace `<storage_class>` with the storage class to be used to provision scratch space for CDI operations in your cluster.

Reviewer: Suggest:

s/to be used/that you want to use

or something of that nature.
